jQuery.on() at v2.0.0pre
========================


Attach an event handler function for one or more events to the selected elements.

	.on( events [, selector ] [, data ], handler(eventObject) )
	.on( events [, selector ] [, data ] )

### selector
#### Type: String
A selector string to filter the descendants of the selected elements that trigger the event. If the selector is null or omitted, the event is always triggered when it reaches the selected element.

### data
#### Type: Anything
Data to be passed to the handler in event.data when an event is triggered.

### handler(eventObject)
#### Type: Function()
A function to execute when the event is triggered. The value false is also allowed as a shorthand for a function that simply does return false.

### events
#### Type: String
One or more space-separated event types and optional namespaces, such as "click" or "keydown.myPlugin".
Type: PlainObject
An object in which the string keys represent one or more space-separated event types and optional namespaces, and the values represent a handler function to be called for the event(s).

In the second form of .on(), the events argument is a plain object. The keys are strings in the same form as the events argument with space-separated event type names and optional namespaces. The value for each key is a function (or false value) that is used as the handler instead of the final argument to the method.

## Event names and namespaces
event 可以使用任何名称。trigger() method can trigger both standard browser event names and custom event names to call attached handlers.
event 名称可以通过‘event namespaces’来简化移除和触发行为。 For example,"click.myPlugin.simple" defines both the myPlugin and simple namespaces for this particular click event. A click event handler attached via that string could be removed with .off("click.myPlugin") or .off("click.simple") without disturbing other click handlers attached to the elements.Namespaces beginning with an underscore are reserved for jQuery's use.

## Direct and delegated events
If selector is omitted or is null, the event handler is referred to as direct or directly-bound.When a selector is provided, the event handler is referred to as delegated. Event handlers are bound only to the currently selected elements.
Delegated events have the advantage that they can process events from descendant elements that are added to the document at a later time.
for example, if the event handler wants to monitor all bubbling events in the document. The document element is available in the head of the document before loading any other HTML, so it is safe to attach events there without waiting for the document to be ready.

another advantage of delegated events is their potential for much lower overhead when many elements must be monitored.
this example attaches a handler to 1,000 elements:

	$("#dataTable tbody tr").on("click", function(event){
	  alert($(this).text());
	});

A delegated-events approach attaches an event handler to only one element.

	$("#dataTable tbody").on("click", "tr", function(event){
	  alert($(this).text());
	})

## The event handler and its environment
A handler can prevent the event from bubbling further up the document tree (and thus prevent handlers on those elements from running) by calling event.stopPropagation(). Any other handlers attached on the current element will run however. To prevent that, call event.stopImmediatePropagation().
Returning false from an event handler will automatically call event.stopPropagation() and event.preventDefault(). event.stopImmediatePropagation().

## Passing data to the handler
Best practice is to use a plain object so that multiple values can be passed as properties.

## Event performance

* caching information needed by the handler rather than recalculating it.
* by rate-limiting the number of actual page updates using setTimeout.
* Avoid excessive use of document or document.body for delegated events on large documents.
* simple selectors.


========================================================================================

jQuery.fn.extend({   
on: function( types, selector, data, fn, /*INTERNAL*/ one ) {

.on( events [, selector ] [, data ], handler(eventObject) )  
.on( events [, selector ] [, data ] ) 


		// Types can be a map of types/handlers
		if ( typeof types === "object" ) {
			// ( types-Object, selector, data )
			if ( typeof selector !== "string" ) {
				// ( types-Object, data )
				data = data || selector;
				selector = undefined;
			}
			for ( type in types ) {
				this.on( type, selector, data, types[ type ], one );
			}
			return this;
		}

如果types是plain object。如果selector不是string类型，认为是 ( types-Object, data )调用，selector置为undefined，如果data没有值，就使用selector带入的值；如果selector有效，
认为是( types-Object, selector, data )调用。
对types中的每一个type调用.on()。fn被抛弃咯。

		if ( data == null && fn == null ) {
			// ( types, fn )
			fn = selector;
			data = selector = undefined;
		} else if ( fn == null ) {
			if ( typeof selector === "string" ) {
				// ( types, selector, fn )
				fn = data;
				data = undefined;
			} else {
				// ( types, data, fn )
				fn = data;
				data = selector;
				selector = undefined;
			}
		}
		if ( fn === false ) {
			fn = returnFalse;
		} else if ( !fn ) {
			return this;
		}

入参如果data、fn是空值，认为是( types, fn ) 调用，如果selector不能fn(!fn),返回。
如果仅fn是空值，如果selector 是string 类型，认为是( types, selector, fn ) 调用；
否则认为是( types, data, fn )调用。
returnFalse是一个函数。
	function returnFalse() {
		return false;
	}


		if ( one === 1 ) {
			origFn = fn;
			fn = function( event ) {
				// Can use an empty set, since event contains the info
				jQuery().off( event );
				return origFn.apply( this, arguments );
			};
			// Use same guid so caller can remove using origFn
			fn.guid = origFn.guid || ( origFn.guid = jQuery.guid++ );
		}
		return this.each( function() {
			jQuery.event.add( this, types, fn, data, selector );
		});

如果one成立( one === 1 ) , 构造一个新的fn，使用入参fn的guid。新fn off掉event，
再origFn apply。
on 最后调 jQuery.event.add

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
jQuery.fn.extend({
off: function( types, selector, fn ) {   

.off( events [, selector ] )   
The off() method removes event handlers that were attached with .on().


		if ( types && types.preventDefault && types.handleObj ) {
			// ( event )  dispatched jQuery.Event
			handleObj = types.handleObj;
			jQuery( types.delegateTarget ).off(
				handleObj.namespace ? handleObj.origType + "." + handleObj.namespace : handleObj.origType,
				handleObj.selector,
				handleObj.handler
			);
			return this;
		}
	
		......
		if ( typeof types === "object" ) {
			// ( types-object [, selector] )
			for ( type in types ) {
				this.off( type, selector, types[ type ] );
			}
			return this;
		}

		......
		return this.each(function() {
			jQuery.event.remove( this, types, fn, selector );
		});

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
jQuery.fn.extend({

	trigger: function( type, data ) {
		return this.each(function() {
			jQuery.event.trigger( type, data, this );
		});
	},
	triggerHandler: function( type, data ) {
		var elem = this[0];
		if ( elem ) {
			return jQuery.event.trigger( type, data, elem, true );
		}
	},    




========================================================================================
jQuery.event = {

Helper functions for managing events -- not part of the public interface.
Props to Dean Edwards' addEvent library for many of the ideas.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
trigger: function( event, data, elem, onlyHandlers ) {

核心两件事情        

* Determine event propagation path

		cur = tmp = elem = elem || document;

			for ( ; cur; cur = cur.parentNode ) {
				eventPath.push( cur );
				tmp = cur;
			}

			// Only add window if we got to document (e.g., not plain obj or detached DOM)
			if ( tmp === (elem.ownerDocument || document) ) {
				eventPath.push( tmp.defaultView || tmp.parentWindow || window );
			}    

* Fire handlers on the event path

		while ( (cur = eventPath[i++]) && !event.isPropagationStopped() ) {

			// jQuery handler
			handle = ( jQuery._data( cur, "events" ) || {} )[ event.type ] && jQuery._data( cur, "handle" );
			if ( handle ) {
				handle.apply( cur, data );
			}

handle =     

	function ( e ) {
				// Discard the second event of a jQuery.event.trigger() and
				// when an event is called after a page has unloaded
				return typeof jQuery !== "undefined" && (!e || jQuery.event.triggered !== e.type) ?
					jQuery.event.dispatch.apply( eventHandle.elem, arguments ) :
					undefined;
	}

此外，如果default事件可以执行，则执行

		// If nobody prevented the default action, do it now
		if ( !onlyHandlers && !event.isDefaultPrevented() ) {

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
dispatch: function( event ) {    
实际执行event

* 取handlers

			handlers = ( jQuery._data( this, "events" ) || {} )[ event.type ] || [],
			...
			// Determine handlers
			handlerQueue = jQuery.event.handlers.call( this, event, handlers );

* 执行之    
			while ( (handleObj = matched.handlers[ j++ ]) && !event.isImmediatePropagationStopped() ) {

				// Triggered event must either 1) have no namespace, or
				// 2) have namespace(s) a subset or equal to those in the bound event (both can have no namespace).
				if ( !event.namespace_re || event.namespace_re.test( handleObj.namespace ) ) {

					event.handleObj = handleObj;
					event.data = handleObj.data;

					ret = ( (jQuery.event.special[ handleObj.origType ] || {}).handle || handleObj.handler )
							.apply( matched.elem, args );

jQuery.event.handlers 是过滤掉一些event。

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
add: function( elem, types, handler, data, selector ) {   


	elemData = jQuery._data( elem );
	events = elemData.events ;
	handlers = events[ type ] ;

	if ( selector ) {
		handlers.splice( handlers.delegateCount++, 0, handleObj );
	} else {
		handlers.push( handleObj );
	}

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


